docs(puppeteer): use the APT buildpack (#1480)
Scalingo/documentation: _posts/languages/nodejs/2000-01-01-puppeteer.md

## Install Puppeteer on a Scalingo Application

To install Puppeteer on a Scalingo application, you need to make use of [the APT buildpack]({% post_url platform/deployment/buildpacks/2000-01-01-apt %}). Such a buildpack should be used as part of a [multi-buildpack]({% post_url platform/deployment/buildpacks/2000-01-01-multi %}).

```bash
$ echo 'https://github.com/Scalingo/apt-buildpack' > .buildpacks
$ echo 'https://github.com/Scalingo/nodejs-buildpack' >> .buildpacks
$ git add .buildpacks
$ git commit -m 'Add multi-buildpack'
```

> You need to instruct the APT buildpack to install the Puppeteer packages. Create a `Aptfile` at the root of your project with the following content:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to instruct the APT buildpack to install the dependencies Puppeteer requires. Create a `Aptfile` at the root of your project with the following content:
```
